[Music]
You sent me this just before
starting the live and it's like
what is this hater from
Dallas's channel about now let's see
we always have a laugh
although not in the way he
intends the
only thing that catches my attention
is [ __ ] 8000 videos but directly to
debate that the cool ones and then there is nothing I mean
people like the
debates with the [ __ ] he made a debate he
made a debate and then I let you
upload it to your channel yes I always
ask all the people with whom I do
debates to upload them to their channels
too yes I like the cool ones to
the other channels too so that it cannot be
said that the opinions are founded
solely by my community
okay
forgive my ignorance but where does
the ají juan occur and juani comes from
the lordship juan and here the air is not given
here it is not given and my brother here
only looks
[Music]
of the activation
makes a  debate with me humiliates me
destroys your arguments okay and that's it and
everything is cool piruli with your
arguments I have mastered them we
both monetize and that's it but the thing is that
what catches my attention is that he
has it or rather I do the matrix to the
coronavirus even if I am the literal one I go through
life being the matrix with the coronavirus I
do not understand how I have still managed to
avoid it I do not understand
but this kid does the matrix on me I do
not understand why he has me so much so
terrified of a debate nothing happens it is a
debate if he has so many arguments against
me inside he knows
and that's it
well then the turkey 8000 videos 8 thousand
tweets they send me they
send me this limb
for loompas npcs from javi
can you take a screenshot of this tweet in
which it is distorted enough you can
deduce that I am calling
adala satan which is a serious attack and
slander punishable by a four thousand euro
fine
in the end I will play we upload the debate of
course
of course
and nobody has a you and in the one that is
saying that this happens to you it is as if
jehovah and satan turned their backs on you at the
same time okay if you realize so there's no
doubt no because how to
look at the side 4 light
to 4 tweets in a row no that I imagine
that this title has set dad so he can
tell me hey wing michu unlock it with
laser okay I imagine but it has been you
realize here they already assume no because you
here say well satan and jehovah well
okay but we don't know who is so there he
has jehovah he is saying it like
black and white
water and oil
1 and the opposite of the other okay but no no no
no here he is already assuming
that satan is dallas
passing the sap oliveira dude really
you have some kind of obsession with me
I don't know what's wrong with him I don't know what they've
always touched dude they
always remain very touched with me
this question is very important who is
more disgusting lauter flay and if he is not
comparing himself to a follower I think this
is the one who made the debate not a fan
mine and dallas we I don't know not with a
stalker
a female stalker what do I do if you're going to
compare the three male speakers with those of
these girls I
mean they don't have to see us and now you put
[ __ ] if people got angry about
yesterday's tweet you'll see with
today's video but who got angry about this
tour and make them literally have
three answers
healthy not literally 3
have the people
who is the pity
the people what people get angry 3
well total you'll see with today's video no
longer creating there is expectation not in water or
the video don't forget to put me I will
do it's my friend's daughter saw it and Meira
a very primitive artificial intelligence
I see you and honestly the
heart and without meaning to offend laser without
meaning to offend because I know that you
swallow all my videos my live until
the end because the next day he
always comments and they send me their
whining tweets looking for it's okay don't
cry to a point of debate and destroy
mind since I don't even know what I had with
him back in the day he had success prepared the
folders of everything I had to put
the video he made me there wasn't a boom for
his points no surely if they put it
for what anyway no but it's that I
have no [ __ ] idea what I had to
debate with him if I tell the truth
what is this area it belongs to everyone
yes thank you
very much thank you very much for the rai a
huge kiss I don't know why it doesn't notify me but I
send you a hug
sweetheart a huge kiss I hope
the stream went well for you and
welcome to all of you who are
coming from his and us what do we
do with Tito and we are good the
pillars about to see a video that they
made me and insulting me so if you
want to find out about the shitty
people that I am you have arrived in time
listen to me
without meaning to offend without meaning to
offend okay of course I mean
the being because my air is not to blame
for this guy making the video
okay I
sincerely believe that this video has 2
two reasons to exist two reasons in the
word that was sought two reasons to
exist okay one of them is that you don't
have others  topics I mean you don't know how to do
other things okay it has to be dallas
aviol hybrid because it's your audience the
audience that this one aspires to in its day those
who subscribed that's it already
explains it many times it's not necessary that it's not
necessary to explain why the
sidewalk makes the videos against me against
dallas he's putting up the things that the
haters comment on the dallas mascot
of all of them that no
I don't even cross a tweet with those who
pass by to put me but we don't agree each
one with our things they don't have accounts
in I talk to them we don't get into
any of each
other's controversies no
now I have to agree
because I
have
the dirty tricks of the headquarters and their audience no
but I think that apart from pleasing
your audience because you don't have others because you
make a video of the crash and you have
1,900 views that I remember when
you said a video recently a greeting to
those who said that my channel was
dead okay remove the slow mode who
put the slow mode in the chat there
of removing it paulo remove it I don't know
who puts that god always  he puts it every
time I play vip room he put it man I don't
even have eight thousand people here how to be
interested or is it that I do
n't understand who has here
in the bones who is the one who puts it
because they can only be a moderator I
think let's go I don't know
well the move that created one of the
reasons to exist is that and another of
the reasons is that it has been 4th and
followed 4 light followed and you think that
connecting or you are going to give it to you to
follow today to download because you are very
heavy they have so much you getting close to
people it is going to be really you are very heavy
trying to get closer to people to which by
the way if I have said about
getting close to people is that I do not know if I am going to be
able to open
the twitter of the series I do not know if from
here
what I can open without logging in or it is
going to close on me
look at the comments giving eyes let's
see the video
shows us how javi oliveira manipulates
things to be able to make a video at the
expense of manipulating the information
whenever you want laser you have to debate
is that I do not know why you do not do it live I
had about my area
this is  well he says and another thing I'd
like to know this is because you saw
the video from the secondary channel the other
day where he isn't in the title or
anywhere when you sent me the 2
with the tweets from mieres about andorra
the tweets about doing them didn't appear and
what I said was one of two it seems to
me that they knew each other
because I'll do it he even gave a like to
tweets
and even to tweets where the
tag doesn't go so I think I'll send
one of two
or I'll do it he knows him he knows who it is and that's why I'm
talking to him about why
and I think I think I'll send it he
knows him and gave him the aic and gave him a
little bit of attention because he knows that one of
the pathetic channels against dallas
against ability and that he's also
seen that he's never messed with her
because of the Greek laser never messed with
her I don't know it would be very strong if he
had messed with her and she
was giving him a like and then I
told him on the one hand I'll do it he pays attention to her
for that and on the other hand laser starts to
act like he loves her it was a  joking how
much was left chris that no if because hitler was
screamer just well a test that gave a
lot I said that it was really noticeable that he
was like there on his knees being the
ball to follow me give me light you know and it's
like and another thing that I would like to know
is who I suck his [ __ ] and in front of
who more roller well you suck his
[ __ ] to myself I ate them laser for
example to me now to me I ate them
opera deep throat
we entered it was a very deep it happens to me
that I do not do things but to me to
very deep throat
anaut er I do not know but I am sure that
almost also tastes like dallas it will also be
undertaken in a single message it was
eating the support that he himself
recognized it in the in
the debate that we did to whoever like me
supports her that he only spoke to me with beck and it is
like now bec will speak he is the only one
who more or less gets along with you because
nobody pays attention to you but you are the typical one
that goes to suck up to the one to do it
but whoever it is to whoever it is if tomorrow you
talk to Felipe 3s  feel like dalai and
follow you, you return the follow, that's how I
tell you and it is like this literally literally literally
welcome to the family friend and
happy channel of the entire damn internet the
express video without my face because I didn't feel
like setting up the spotlights and all that, I didn't have time so you have to settle for a gameplay of an Albanian-Kosovar phone but come on this is the exception really the videos are not going to be like this to the joke of the Albanian-Kosovar gameplay sex already in each life and
goddess jokes of the author it
is a small medley of the youtubers
that he likes to
be natural
from now on okay what the [ __ ]
totally inconsequential we are going to talk
in this video about javi oliveira and
you will say again yes again and as many times as it takes
only the gutter would have
the last word a
support before anything else I know I know that you
want to like a dick no because
he is very cool no in him only the
gutter would have the last
word because he is very cool  but
debating is with Jonas they already tell you about
debating this is the served it is that I
love it because in front of his
followers
in front of his followers like very the
rooster dallas that I make eight thousand
videos and monetize your [ __ ]
reminds me of javi from 2017 time limit
believing himself while look and he was
[ __ ] up in fact that's why every time I
see a video of mine from that time I delete it
[Music]
it's that we put the l in the title
of the debate we're
not going to look for it it's that I
love
that it has 90 a point of debate man
when they tell you from the strips this is going to be look let's
see don't take too
long we
can find it quickly for sure
I would say that it was through here already
so that once I
look how javi is man Javier is the
[ __ ] master I love you
or I mean that I am clear that if you
go ahead with them if I don't mess with
them while a person doesn't see
conclude this this entertaining pleasant conversation
with you in a way without how you
cut me off please
yes but we believe or I mean I have given him the voice
to javi because I think he wanted to
talk to you I don't know you
wanted to talk to him
it's here javi has come jade and the
space is literally you know I'm going to
you go now because I'll be five
minutes with him
but it's that I have to go now and you know
that I'll dress you for 20 minutes no I'm not going
to the town dude youtube you have nothing to
do
you know that 20 minutes ago perfectly
to life an hour stayed at an hour and
saying all the time that takes that he was
leaving but how could he well and the one
that was brutal dude the one that was brutal was
made
this is that he demanded a [ __ ] I'm an atheist
this one that took me to upload his live and he
threw me
this one that is a [ __ ] gem
this I recommend that you see it because
this is a [ __ ] gem dude
this is a [ __ ] gem dude how do you touch your
face in front and a and that you went
as he told me that a debate
envy thank you very much
sincerely I don't want it to be a debate
like no with a moderator and such if it is there is
no need to moderate anything so there is no
need to show anything sincerely I don't
think it is necessary and to be
able  nothing
[Laughs]
I don't want to make that impression on
people it's just a debate and you
and how I've done
unthinkable character it does
n't make sense to your house Javier go to
sleep champion when I come back champion
if for tonight it's water and my hair like that too let's
see I liked it how I have it
now but like this it's also very
cool
let's continue with the video what
happens is that sometimes it's a little disgusting but like
this it turns several colors of several
different tones
like citri white with thin skin measure
rays or knights and white skin the
truth is that it looks horrible on me with
ghosts
to move video and very strong to this
video compulsively and also
subscribe and hit the bell so as from
now on after having
heard my magnificent voice you will not be
able to live without my videos the most
advisable thing is that you hit the
bell and that way youtube will give you
a notification and like hey this amount that
you follow the other day uploaded another
video and you goddess of [ __ ] mother I'm going to
see it that's what's going to happen by the
way I also leave you a link with the
that you can, I
have it there, man, and it's a
total waste of time, I mean, we don't earn any points, dude, that's
total desperation and
here it happened, I have it and I have to
remove it, let's see if I tell him to but
come on, I've had it there since
forever in the description, I don't know if I
still have it there.
If I have it here, the link will work
because it appears with the ellipsis
here, it's probably a copy and paste that I
did back in the day when I put the
description, this was final, it
was a couple of years ago, I think, I don't know if it was
necessary, but I have to remove everything. I
asked for air so we can renew the
banners, it's
game in, you know, you have to keep renewing them
because I have that in the bank, with what
advertising values ​​​​in bars, I
put myself there in exchange for nothing, out, out
but out,
okay, well, I'll tell you how all the
great stories start on Twitter and
the other day the young lady, I'll do you
know who she is, I suppose she's an ex-
partner of Mr. also known
as Daniel Santomé Lemus or Dillon
Ravioli, but anyway, I'm going to assume
because you're a  a medley of everyone
else
because you're a medley of everyone
else because taking them from turbo plan of
the ravioli and all that nonsense that
turbo plan says
if Paula
we are a couple Paula
where you all know who I will do and if
not look for it anyway here is a
photo so that at least you can see and his face the
fact is that this little porpoise pus
the joke
or rather what is the joke
that my area 25 years ago had hair
like this straight and white I
don't understand the joke I do
n't understand the joke
but I don't understand I don't understand what the
joke is that white hair is the joke it's
not that because I will do is the only
person with white hair nowadays
white hair fitur no longer today when she takes it
off her hair comes now
everyone has given her colors white is super
seen now the white thing when she already put it on
was when she already had it the super
original in fact we
are one minute into the video it is 11 haha
we are a few minutes into videos god
we are a point minute into the video
of benevolent people I will put a photo here
so that you can at least see her face the fact
is  that this little porpoise posted a
tweet the other day which has already been
deleted but well we have a record of
it and it's the next one we should make a
national day for all
Andorran youtubers to shut up for a while just one
day there's one day a year we're not asking for that much
well as you can see it's a tweet against
the youtubers who are in Andorra
honestly I don't know specifically what it's
directed at or who but it looks
like it has something to do with
NFTs and Guidi Rex basically because all the
people he interacts with
thousands of what they're talking about
lately and William ex doesn't stop that what he
said before is the trending topic
on Twitter every single day of the
year so I don't want you to call me
detective conan but I would bet on
wilder but anyway what's going on with this
tweet well nothing I felt like
quoting it and saying the following I'm going to say that I
heard Hitler say it but it
wasn't the Andorrans who were being
shut up and a skull was
comparing the weirdos with the
Jews in this  tweet yes I was
doing it and I would do it again but
right now
the comparison is that my air was
asking for a national day in which the
youtubers of Andorra shut up in a [ __ ]
while just one day okay
then the thirst shares it
with the Jews in the sense that they
had no freedom
no what a
shitty tweets there is
literally the section shut your mouth
you
shut your [ __ ] mouth
or rather I don't understand what you think
the tweet is a joke the tweet is
against my area I'm
going to alpha sniper it
could be puya alpha sniper yes because he
also has it he messes with him fasi the
weekly I have done it many times
alpha wins also have
you noticed that in this video
in which in which
[Music] I do
n't know if a community college is going to try
something in this video he hasn't
made his autism jokes using
autism as a mockery and things like that which
are things that they know that they are not going to
like for example my mother
what does alpha have to do with this because
alpha on one occasion is going to fly at us with
what it was also did  a comparison
or something like that
but I don't understand if yours is
laughing at some Andorrans or I don't know if it
's directly an attack on me or
fifty-fifty or wherever suits me
beyond and the path that I'm going to
put it I'll
already add up if it goes one way or the
other
the script is for or against the
Andorrans or for or against Mieres
against Mieres I will attack me I will
against but it depends on
when organs that were made to
shut up and a skull was comparing
the rare funds with the Jews in
this tweet if she was doing it and she would
do it again but right now my
ability to make analogies is not the
crux of the matter but the important thing
is that the lady I will answer me and answered me
in a way laughing at me in
Valls sarcasm no and she said the following all
sweet did you hear Hitler say boa that you
are very old no how crazy and I
answered her she was a blogger she had a channel and
everything and she answered me the truth is
that everything fits me very
comedy club' as you can see and I finally the
truth was that your answers above all
but I think that she has answered him
because she knows who he is
she answers to all of them let's see what I know
that she now has few interactions and so
on but as much as to respond to
each person of the time nonsense not to
believe or not
I think that I think that they followed the
roll mutually because they know that she
knows who he is also because more or
less he will have seen her even if it's in sight
to fight with me, mess with Dallas or
whatever for sure
because because she liked his tweet in which he does
n't tag her to
be the sycophant or something I wasn't
her I
think that she has chosen the roll
the joke because she knows who he is and I would say she has
seen her in three or four things like that
with us fight what will have been said
is about the intelligence that she has that she
lacks one to suck kilo I give her two
three and I give her 22 line and I have it on my
side it's logical I think I
answered you the following I will do myself don't talk
to me much that these tweets will
put Javi Oliveira in a video
the boss of Tula
philippe ollé and the shame that
this tweet gives is no longer taken care of briefly that
the other guy or that answers you
or youtube is more known that had one
tweet and your way of trying to hang up is
already to put a person with whom you have
a bad feeling or has had a bad feeling
because I ate today or let's see
far from what we have pending that will
take 25 million years to
resolve me with her obviously what
you really do not remember the past
today or I do not give importance to
things of the problems we had you
understand I would not make a good feeling with
her but she is not a person that
today I say to my enemy I do not know that
time
the indifference
but he takes sica for the best and me
if he has me between 66 because I am in the
dog maybe not I do not know
then of course for her to win her over
like putting me in to win her over
if I see it with a lot of cricket and it's as if it
's as if imagine that in the tournament
as if in the tournament
of  squid h when I met
[Music]
with whom I tell you
at 81
something better than the roll that I hope with
whom has had a personal thing
not from the internet
had a nonsense with greg but a
dragon who already had a personal fight
is that few people have had the things
like the ones my harem has had plan
people have fights on the internet of
feels happens I will do is that she said
imagine it is not that I would
not know how to say
sahraoui
sara in the middle of the game when
I crossed her she said to me what do you think about the epic to the crossing of videos something more personal if it were she said the best that me to this day me and my air we crossed to this day still [Music] like back then no I the last
time I think it was that she put out a
statement that she lied about me about the
issue of the lawsuit and so on
and they were the best but it was a
statement that she made and I answered and
proved that she was lying because yes because she
said that the lawsuit that she had filed
after one thing and the contrary we did not
talk about it the other day  I know little
we say a video would say clear if some come out
at 62 and I'm going to do it, you
understand, you
choose a base whatever but that is not
relevant
it is as
if imagine that to Cristina and I say
something about the best that could be an example, he
would have told me Christine and this
[ __ ]
directly imagine that there is this
cute one and he would have said hey and that is the
medium when I insult you what
today the best when I insult you
live the one who would have
done to me what is it about well I will do
instead of telling him he gave you everything what is it about well he
gives it to the air
in the same case
once a couple no
and gave for more relevant historical data
we speak for an
encrypted factor always the nonsense the
nonsense
the email will put this I am in a video up to
here okay up to here the time would have been
worth it look it is not relevant to get into
for example
a couple but look up to here the
tri well okay but this part of the tip
for more relevant historical data
we speak for an
encrypted factor that explodes at 4 hours
and you do not realize that
exploding the four effectively as
I already smelled that looking at me respond I was going to
mean that the npc followers
of javi oliveira take screenshots and
send it to him and he was probably going to
put a video which actually
happened in moscow you do it with that intention
but it's not that you angels of
intention is that I will surely make the
tweets that he put giving ret like
many I have seen during weeks and
months ago that people have sent me
the temporary of being considered a video I
think I will also do a little bit of it
so that he pays to be in the world of
throwing himself again in people's mouths
because it's normal that in the end he has
realized that I don't care about taking
videos where she is I don't
care as long as she doesn't report me anymore
know don't report me and you go out in the
toilets you know but I think that I think that
the laser when you put the three like the ones
we have seen the screenshots made
before calling and sending I think that he
does them in the post and I will do it I think that I
am from the other day of abandoning the
same as what win kicked me out many times they
are looking for them to talk about it
normal nothing happens
showing once again that  javi oliveira
is a bot programmed with a
very basic artificial intelligence total
that javi libera has uploaded a video
called I will make myself launch a missile against
the youtubers of Andorra although well I think
that if he had really
named the series and thousands are friends it
would have been less click bay because he
practically spends half the video
talking about the captures that have passed
from
[Music]
to see what the video was
the sele
the sre the video lasts
12 minutes and you appear at minute 8
okay
and surely a minute before
about eleven and a half more or less but
well come on okay let's give you that you are
talked about for three minutes laser
the thirst you are not half of the video
literally god
if you rush me and rush me and rush me a
little with the farewell of the other and such
if we count the farewell to the other and such it
could be maybe a quarter a
third of
us
but look at this video is all for you
laser lens I'm probably going to put
[Music]
the laser inquires that friend of mine from
Arévalo it's that I normally don't put
laser in the title never in the title  I
mean, I think I think I think that not only
putting that we are for the dallas hater
or the pitoso channel this thing like that
because who watches videos of the series
lately which ones have been a
weak one and there wasn't also that he commented on it
1 / agreement that it was in the thumbnail
the drawing of the
celeste was not in the title either
[Music]
is that I have not put you in that video in
the title that I do not put you or in the ones that are about
you entirely look in this
case in life I do not put you
in that one where we had the debate I also do not
put you being in front of me is that
normally it never comes out
normally I put the dedal hater to the
pitoso channel channel that is disgusting or things
like that but I never put you and on this
occasion I will put mieres and I will put her to
look if she is known although there are many
people with software of her but the
girl has her fame well laser because we
will put
hater of dallas wants to be friends with my
area or something like that no
and you already the nonsense already and we have three
minutes of video the tweets that we
crossed I will do and I go that it gives me
all the impression of  that he made the video
for those screenshots because he really does
n't say anything about the rest and I doubt they
would have reached the there are
people who have retweeted it
there are people that he has retweeted people that
he has said
that he has shown how he manipulated eight
minutes talking about the subject and let's be
honest javi is not going to upload a video without
monetizing in the video apart from
the impression that he made the video
for those screenshots because he really
doesn't say anything about the rest and I doubt that he would have
reached 8 minutes talking about the
subject and let's be honest javi is not going to
upload a video without monetizing that I
made the video or rather I made the video
only to delete the screenshots and the
rest
is to reach the 8 minutes because I
don't upload videos without monetizing them and
monetize I don't upload videos but I don't
need to reach 8 minutes to
monetize it literally god
report although the videos nothing although
nothing more than making videos about me and
about dallas is worth it although nothing more than
making videos about me just give away  get
informed dude at least do a
garden of what you're going to talk about or
I'll literally upload a
video Javier el canijo of however long what he talks about okay it
can last nine minutes that this one
lasts 6 with 59 that lasts 40 if it's
live there are some that
last 5 like this one from wind and there are
some that last 5 like this one from de ya
cabrera I never lengthen videos to 8
minutes
so no you're not honest
[ __ ] literally in three minutes
one after the other it's one after the other let's be
honest they have to reach eight
minutes look here has one of 712 look
at 7.12 in a video of 2.54
1 1 minute of one look at a minute
dude and another of 3 minutes in Javier canijo it
's not that Javi canijo I upload a video of however long it
lasts if it lasts 3 minutes and it lasts 5 as long as it
lasts not the Chinese it's what you give me
normally people roll more than
8 but well there are times that it's not that I
literally
have a  channel that are very short videos,
two minute videos, three minutes,
five minutes and it is literally the
best channel right now
in the world of the heart
where we made God
well in the video apart from saying the
typical thing what will I do is a progress and
insinuate that he does these tweets to
find a family the
icon what will I do is a progress javi is
not going to upload a video without monetizing
well in the video apart from saying the
typical thing no what will I do is a progress and
insinuate that he does this this is
disrespectful to tell my area that
progress
80,000 visits in 4 days of madness what
is it not only eliminate the visits from
the videos god what I look at is the
end man 80 thousand visits in 4 days which one let's
see I know the channel to
see three toilets and you go crazy in the
videos look
and this one has almost 100 thousand 50 thousand between
salsas del loco and el canijo I have also
seen some videos
that Antonio visits at the pace of the gods
at the pace of the days
powerful generous eloquent what I
look at is the social you see the  in the end what
matters no but look at that exact
code almost 40
right now the salsa singer is at 25 30
almost 40 to 50 this balance and it was
fatal the day I uploaded it 50 thousand lives
50 thousand 30 thousand
yes in me because I got shot in tweets
but well I made him look at social
media
the social law of this channel goes with one
million 200 thousand 200 thousand a month javi the
canijo
I think it's about 23 million a month it's
worth a [ __ ] great and you read the ceo
four million three hundred thousand
eyes but what am I telling you that as far as I
know from my air it is considered
progressive I think it is
and plus to Sadako plus alzada with plus
because I don't charge it
in these people
tweets to look for family again
because people are forgetting it the
impression that it gives me is like they are
looking for the mouth as if they want to
appear again on salsa channels or for people to
talk about them and so on and in the end it's that I
don't say it for this and that I also  I think
this is true and obviously
they are so that people talk about it and
create controversy and so on and I think that
more than obvious and kind is that the
logic is the following if you do not want
the PSE or you do not want to look for controversy you do
not tweet okay that those from
Andorra if you do not get involved in a topic that is
the controversy of the week period okay
Abidal gives Paula a salary so that
Pau earns money with the Plus channel
increase from it that I will tell them so that someone
else would win it let them win it
but who knows I am not saying it
only for that reason I was that I
am also looking for controversy
literally if you do not want to leave
channels do not want controversy does not talk about
the controversy do not get into controversy okay
but what I will do anyway it goes in the
last few months what happens is that they have not
seemed to me with to take out video he has
thrown a barb at us on Twitter harasses
Dallas I do not know what it is
for many things are the ones that I think they
do things like pasta again the
candlestick that has nothing wrong with that in the
end  if you want to dedicate yourself to this
then you have to be in the limelight on the
contrary what was always asked is
that we talk about you that we talk about you
finally people forget you and I think that's what
life realizes
like that but I don't understand what the
point of the headquarters explaining this is it's as
if it were something bad what I said
is that I don't understand the point of Paul del
Maule today leaving me with Pauletti or
Paula the [ __ ] street Paula the [ __ ] street
once and for all it's a shame that I don't
understand the point of Laser Lean
explaining this if I already explained it in
my video
and in the end it's not interesting that
no one talks about you that it falls into oblivion
and that everyone later when they get
to the captures that they have passed to them
this happens to me I don't know what I already told you that in the
end everyone has the right to
do what they believe
how
the selecta is the real no
and if you see an interpretation so
forced by Javi it's pure coincidence he
was being totally spontaneous at
that moment as
to make the real no as
in  the series this real life javi man as if I
had seen the virgin of
guadalupe my son although I have to tell you
that what seems more the
same to me laser you believe that I the
nonsense that I say and the gil and agile and
could slaves and to put me to dance
to put me to the floor to brain
that is that they are not interpretations
for the best that is why I have here about a
thousand viewers every night in
tweets that I just arrived
interest to the ceo because today in tele
salseamos had a peak of 8000
viewers
the other day we had a peak of 12,000
what peak you have a laser tube but those
short videos of teles to the ceo monetize
the same as the long ones doubt that I have
in the case of comparing it with the canijo
yes because the cpm is Spanish and that is very
complicated but but
yes that they monetize the same as the
long ones of javier canijo because the topics
of javier caninos are from Latin America I do
not know how many of the topics on youtube
see are from all over the world and the topics of
interest being are only Spanish then
spm  much higher but what
nonsense is being interpreted because of
course they don't do it obviously
obviously I have to review the
content of what I'm going to record before
recording it
obviously okay but if it's a bit of a
surprise
the problem
is curious about the whole thing is not that
the a stick a pass of fish that have
passed the catch to javi meticulously cut out
the catch in which it is not
seen that in reality what I'm
doing is throwing a barb look
so that it seems that we are friends no
as you can see here you can see the responses
from both my area and mine but the
original tweet where he hit on him well or
magically it is not where the
original tweet is javi where he went to [ __ ] man
with how honest you always are and how
little you like to manipulate here it
seems to me or that you have had a
cerebral stroke and you have forgotten how
twitter works okay and you have not realized
that this is a response to another tweet or
that or that perhaps you are not interested in knowing
where it comes from although well we both know
that with the talk air that you are you know
perfectly well where those
tweets come from so I am inclined more to the  do it
I don't give a
[ __ ] if for you it's a heroic act
that you give him a dig I will do it
and for you it's a heroic act
congratulations churra
these people made the doc on me with those screenshots I
commented on those screenshots if they had
sent me the other screenshot I didn't cut it
like it came out here before the tweet and I have
n't cut it or reviewed it or anything like
that okay stalker not my soul I am
dedicated to the salsa and I have to look for the
things that I am going to comment on that video I
recorded at 5 in the morning after
giving him a hard time for having
sent him the screenshots of my group to the south
who also commented on it in fact in fact
the south in
fact the south guy
commented the same thing as me the same ones
because he did it with the same doc the
same screenshots the south also censored
your response another tweet cited were not the ones they
sent him if they had sent it to me
with the other screenshot because I
am not aware of what you post
or what he posts I will do okay the only thing
that informs me a little and I give it a
spin when I'm going to comment but in that
case it wasn't something relevant okay to
paulino friend and dad like that in truth it was
paula the course the doc and sent it to
uncle south also the same doc okay but
what you tell me that I'm
trying to manipulate because you throw
a barb at him I'll do
your literature I can look and then he
tries to suck up to him putting him don't
write me many tweets skillful and you will
tell me advanced that
for you it is a manipulation that I have
done
that they did not put me in the dog s tui and it is
in you I did not comment on it as if it were a
big thing similar I would not have wanted to
talk to you because I did not know that in
that inter of Dallas and you would not have
made a joke with me I will do because they suck up
to any youtube the
famous my air would have blocked you
because I will block you at the slightest that they
throw a barb at him whether it is about the
dog or some [ __ ] of hers I
will block you in full you know I will
block you in full rather because it is not
convenient for you to show of  where do they come from because
then your story that I am an
ally friend of my area and that we get
together because we are haters of dallas, of
course, if it is known that in reality what I was
doing is throwing a barb at him and
being similar in another similar, no, I didn't
know who you are, mijares, he doesn't
respond to your tweet 800 times or
like tweets in which he doesn't tag you,
okay, look at this tweet, I will make myself
recognized, people take care of everything as you see
here this tweet is for sale, it
gives all the laser cliché, you can turn it
around as you want, man, but this your
life, all the cricket just like the one who
gave it to him to give them
about this fact, a video in which I
defend you, well, I'm going to town, okay,
click on my area, he must know that I
have a certain affection for him, he has blocked me, a
gullón of people, her the dental one and she
hasn't blocked me, she hasn't blocked you because she
knows who you are and knows you from fighting
with me because surely they are
aware of what is a great achievement or
from time to time there is admired and they have
found you and they know why they know everything
because I will pretend to be his mother  they know everything, you
understand, if so, they have commented, the
mother, my mother, frozen or like, from you
to the
agent of Carrasquilla,
people from Arroyo Carrasco who have posted
things and have put the washer another has
put you and against me for the
interview, Antonella vi is like, man, whatever
I do on the internet, you
know it, she criticizes the thread, everything, for God's sake, you
understand me, you know like you, of course they know
who you are in one go if they know everything
and you are not blocked if she had
considered it a dig like if you
had posted something about the dog where is
your dog or something like that, they
block you or you do not follow the joke, this
nonsense of you, you, you listen, I
told you, gilera, that you the dig, I think she is
making herself al fandi, but
I only put in an image to say that she
blocked me, of course she blocks her, but look at the
argument
for which she had blocked us,
what sense does it make to say things like
this every time, everyone has the
right to speak and interact with
whoever they want, but it is clear that what you
have in common
is that we are united by so many things, it is like  they
are friends me and I will make myself clear because
quoting a tweet being against it
throwing a barb is [ __ ] up from being
close colleagues in fact I think right now
I have said close colleague
I have said close colleague in fact my
ares look I distance myself from following alfa
alfaa a piece of bread does not mess with
anyone despite the opinions that he has
very strange that alfa gets involved for someone it has to
be because they have put the
first one or that he gives his opinion with respect and it
burns me pisses me off I was following alfa
and all this because he sends it to me stalker I'm
going to destroy something of
yours you start watching a two minute video things this I can prove because I have and the group of kids where he sends history information and they sent it once look he left me right away alpha and of course it coincided with that alpha here we are going to do the live chat it
was the first chat he did
live with me or the chat he did in
which dallas uploaded
and it's like why he stopped following him
because now he interacts with dallas
and if those people base  your
interactions positively
negatively around if you talk to
others will tell the goodness that so
literally what I will do to me we are
dating after these tweets I will
want is very old no that crazy was a
blogger had a channel and everything the truth is
that my air fits me do not talk much
with me to build will put it wise
releases in a video clear evidently
clear evidently the content that I
make on the internet is so pathetic and so
lamentable and in my value as a human being
is so minimal that I have to comment on
this so transcendent that I do
literally had no photos
this is serious this kid what does he have
in mind this kid does not have his
ducks in a row ha I mean my
content is crap and that is why I have to
comment on those tweets
the sre what have you done
that what was so transcendent the
being
the thirst that you made the other day a
video of the tweets of life
from a decade ago
what's wrong with that I commented I
am from mieres of today
they do the same only that I do it with
art and I am successful and he is not
but have you heard this comment  I mean if
this in cities areas like
tiger for the wise bookstore will put in
a video of course it is obviously not
evidently the content that I make the
internet is so pathetic and so
lamentable and my value as a human being is
so minimal that I have to comment on this
what does the value of the
human being have to do
with you putting one I am in a video
partners has marked a tiger there but
save concert such because look what
he does be he is only dallas because
anything else no longer but only gives the souls
art mind through a topic of the
vital topic of the moment
and it does not work for him
my mother
man
his channel is only of the things that have to
do with dallas little
rarely puts others be crazy
give the saw where beats I do
not understand
founded metalhead
michu laughs at me and
this video ended badly that it goes
wrong
if literally
literally you
try to
do the same thing that
I write in that comment it leaves me already
dead
but has always commented on your video is
that the literal
its its made edited video also in
other areas live like the best I
record web or the videos then on the
way  what I say 4 of the hiccups and that's what
goes through my head black editor and
nothing has been made an edited video that they
consider her mind that was the dick the
video there will even be considerable it
looks like an oven when he recorded the
video so transcendent that has occurred
on twitter in a 12 minute video and
also totally manipulated to
coincide with what you want to say man
the truth if you want to elevate the status
of salt or [ __ ] to [ __ ]
consecrated [ __ ] man you are doing
quite well link of shy is that I do not
know here what is the situation that occurs
but
wants to elevate the status of salt ceo
between god [ __ ]
[Laughs]
I will almost prefer that I mount you in
the kilo
before connecting the fabric
of the fabric fabric
I think that a little of both I think that
she
would catch sight and camaraderie with anyone
who hates Dallas and if she hates me she will give me flo
and me too but when she is with that
interaction because she knows who he is
surely she will not have seen our
videos be up to date with who it is that it is
against age that messes with
Dallas and  that's why it's giving it
according to javi limeira you already know that its
artificial intelligence a
programmed bot well of course there can only be
one possibility for two people to
talk on twitter and that is that they join
the hate adal to other random factors
like chance or simply because if they
can't be contemplated because they would be
too much load for their small cpu
chance not a [ __ ] joke forget that it's
chance but come on not a [ __ ] joke
that it's by chance be you are telling
me laser really I know that your
followers are those who are your
followers who are the followers of
other people not you and
the 1,300 people who see your video
you are telling me that the fairy olaya
chettri by chance laser/led
who loves everything because you are an [ __ ] that
you are an [ __ ] la serna means
that such is not by chance we are talking
about a girl who does not give a stitch without
thread but I have done it for the salt that she
will have surely done to me to appear in the
video or rather yes yes yes yes yes she
wanted me to appear on the channels of
salcedo of the channels of  controversy
putting in your invented with those of
Andorra just in case to make sure
completely I answer you laser / led that is
my thought but let's go that maybe I
could be wrong but what I
am considering here is that here there are two
options and that I think they are the two that he
talks to her
because a youtuber older than him, that
is, he does not talk to my mother, that is how it
is, I do not believe that he talks to her, I will do it
because I will do it, it is against Dallas,
no, I believe that if he is going to
talk to Dallas tomorrow, it would be good for Dallas's
balls, that is, I have that
thought of laser and I have my reasons
for thinking so and I think that in addition and in
addition we want it, I do not bet that it is like that
but let's say it, I tell
these people to take it with the insurance,
okay, but if tomorrow he came to give
the nights and tomorrow Felipe came to him,
the boss, whoever he is, whoever he
is, talks to the airlines and
makes him like an egg, all the er read
the light, the followers these jokes
mieres and when it has been seen that I will send it
is not that he answered one but that he
answered two then he said I'm coming
on I'm going to put something like
that was your thought to do it I
have to think that this is a coincidence I do
n't know
according to oliveira you already know that his
artificial intelligence a
programmed bot well of course there can only be
one possibility for two people to
talk on twitter and esquel is one
the hate adalah other random factors
like chance or simply because if they cannot be
contemplated because they would be
too much load for his small cpu is that
on the one hand that is on the one hand
she interacts with him because she knows that they
are the most hater people from dallas no and
this one this any youtube whoever
comes to her with that maybe more fighter yesterday or
anyone
this one gets on his knees or rather this one but
15 and this really pisses me off it
really pisses you off because he knows
that this is how we want a drag or literally he
said but you are the most creeped out there
then well I don't know there will be some that
are more than you but you are one of the
most this is like this and that is why it is drugs my
balls if we didn't laugh at you I would argue
why not but literally it is like that
literal shot it is that good on your day
after I would have given it a like destroy
something else but you started IU to
continue to continue answering latrine
until we put them in believer and gives
country and it opens half something
the flashlight of the most creepy there is
god that really here by chance yes of
course it has been tweeted at random knows and
the constant and mentioning xavi
limits quickly by chance
but then but then if he gets into the
plane and beira in a conversation it is
convenient for the [ __ ] face
puts sabio limeira in a compensation it is
convenient for the [ __ ] face when I that
day
and I had gotten into it with him I had not even
told her so that she nanana he
literally put javi releases for the salt
but now I
reading the video making a video
with all the captures in a video that
deals with her
with the people of andorra it will not be as
soon as I read the captures of them and he
dedicates the hook to me in a video of 12
minutes for 3 minutes that I have
dedicated to him in a video
and he is telling me that it was for go dude
and before god go dude  really and
dedicate yourself become a rat child which is the
behavior that a rat child has
even if you have to they told me the other day
when I asked your age that they are my
age that they are 36 years old 35 years old is that they
are my age dude with that mind I say
that he started saying the other day
that he started saying the other day that
people already have all the knowledge
and all the personality and all the
learning and the way is established
at 20 years old
that at 20 you no longer change
but it was incredible it was incredible okay
evolve
that I will surely do no surely I will not
confirm it to you I will do it is much more
mature than you and I will surely do it has
laughed at ticio with the three that you have
put to the version of literal painters
yes yes that he behaves as if you were 7
11 years old maybe he will continue to
change and literally reading the 3 in
fact this guy in a character
and eating the balls so that he can
promote me or rather exactly who is my little
friend on youtube with whom I hang out
to grow because I remind you that
the truth itself same as the
green alpha himself there is a video  to
upload it on the channel for real fa to
promote yourself
literally look at this question that you
just asked games because really
which youtuber do I go to and eating the
balls to get me promoted or rather
exactly what collaboration has he
asked for from many to many who have
told me and I believe it collaboration has
asked him a lot but it's literally
look who is my little friend on youtube with
whom I rub shoulders to grow because I
remind you who he is who he is who is
your little friend on youtube well look we just
read a while ago a tweet
in which he said the only one I
get along with sales literally
literally
look on the veda fa channel you uploaded a
video to promote yourself look
hello welcome to the faxes sales channel
you'll be asking who the [ __ ] is
this guy and what is he doing here and well to be
honest I'm asking myself the same
question but I think he sees that he's
taking some kind of
psychotropic drugs his judgment is clouding
and at some point in one of his
colors well he thought that me uploading a
video to his channel would be something positive in
some way I'm afraid I'm afraid that no I don't know I don't
know  what were you thinking but I
assure you this is going to be more bad than
good eh but anyway the fact is
you can't back out now here I am and I
guess thank you very much for this
now if this were my channel to give
way to what the video is I would put a
person making a really big fool of themselves
that would serve as a separator from the intro
to what is the content of the video itself
but since this is Beck's channel I
thought that putting wish many crying
would be much more appropriate so I
realized that it's a lot and
arriving it's already a person making a
really big fool of themselves and at the end of the day
I'm not doing anything different but what do I
know I don't know how to
start the video and I'm going to do that 200 [Music] right he came up with the idea for a while I don't know why we're going to have the worst idea in life of offering people that he saw more or less potential uploading videos on his channel to make himself
known promote channels and you
had 200 subscribers and you made yourself
known there we're
going to listen again to what he
said here
because really what  youtuber I'm
going to eat my balls so he
can promote me or rather who exactly
is my little friend on youtube with whom I
hang out to grow because
[Laughs] I
understand every time he makes a video
because he doesn't come to a
literal debate every time he makes a video I have a
great time but they have an end in you how
quickly all the things are fun they
decided to debate gave the day he came
twice and with that he had enough that I
remind you that you are the one who goes
eating in support of people so that they
put you in series like
squid game then you have to pay
favors defending the people who
criticize them it's that you are the [ __ ] of the
big youtubers javi
that I go sucking
people's [ __ ] so that they put me in a series that hey
but with what inclination I have said let's see
let's fight again that little friend on
youtube with whom I hang out to grow
because I remind you that you are the one who
goes eating the support of people so
that they put you in series like
squid game and then you have to pay
favors defending  the people who
criticize them because I have to
eat my balls
so that they invite me something from the squid
literally the two times that the
squid egg thing came out they invited me but
this is like when they said that aurum play didn't
want it to be known that they were related
to me I don't know what
and now they mentioned me on their channel two or
three times that they did an interview on my
channel which has been one of the only ones it generates
the horns interview I think it was with
the priest and there it goes
and that I have to pay favors but
series like the squid game and then but it's
only from the game
but it's not that they invited me to the
squid game and then to the second
part they did last Sunday is that
today they invited me to another tournament
in tweets that I can't say
which one it is but a tournament that is going to happen
this month today I am invited to
another one and they are people who don't suck their
[ __ ] but it's not worth it in fact that they
don't love each other like I do the [ __ ]
full chopped but I don't understand here
how I supported her literally every time
someone every time until they go to me it's
also true to enter the tournament
but I think this tournament is based one day in
Amman but entering the tournament they will do it for me
but churra to the one who is not going to
invite you because they do not move anything or you have to
go paying favors defending the
people who criticize them is that I have to
go paying defined favors to the
people who dedicate I think that says it
because I see it in the comments
and the doing in what he does to put together
his videos you know what it is
[Music]
and go collecting the things that people
put in the comment box
then the haters of
the haters of
Aurum Vitti and others
and done will have surely taken it from
his comment box of this video
and if we start looking for it I will surely find it
they say that I
defend you abidín in exchange for Aurum
giving me the interview and putting me in the series
okay
precisely in the series that they
invited me today is not there although I know it does not
need to be there I do not know
okay but do you bet something that we
start looking here
in the followers of the sre read and
put that that
I pay for the interview
defending him had
come they
no longer make the videos that I make and
the opinions that are given about it on one
side or the other based on my thinking
period you
bet something
we look for it we found it we
look for it we found it
burbank inguera said of the series
having done it they are not going to invite you to
do promotion for me or rather
who exactly is my little friend on
youtube with whom I hang out to grow
because I remind you that if I don't
find him in the comments he paid
paulo with that I say all air
is here through the air
or paulo
oh diego paula is in the chat
pauli 5 for you
pauli
paulo 5 payment
or haydn
whoever finds it I will
look for that comment box of the
video that I told you because also
when it is said that it means that he has
read it recently
but this paulínia does not even have to leave it here today they have
left
here you see how it can't be that I
am offering to charge him now I am offering to
pay him you
see I just offered him a
job and he is not there you
have seen it
but you see that this is normal it is that
then you wonder
where the hell is it
where with this
she doesn't know now when it appears
because here it will open she won't even know what
we're talking about
places look for me loto churra
places at the market look for melo while we
finish watching the video of the
series in which there are still three minutes
later and still places look for me
had it in that video also what is going to be in
this video because a comment on it the
typical thing that the haters put on me of
victim okay then it
is a video it is the second to last video that
appeared before this one
okay that comment was taken from there I'll
tell you already places look for me the
churres please
tag me kids info when I find it
when I find it I was going to find more
euros already with that I'll tell you they look for
the comment places please tell me ok or
something
okay I
bet you whatever you want it's
you who are eating he supports
people so that they put you in series like
the juice of the squid then you have to
pay favors defending the people
who criticize them that you are the [ __ ] of
the big youtubers javi realize that
you are used that now a play
was ashamed to pronounce your  name' the
live shows and that people knew that I
knew you man
what do you think about the youtuber I
can't believe
the humiliation he got with this ha ha ha what a
weird name he puts
and javi oliveira that of course the name
javi is very uncommon in spain
so when you see it you have to
look carefully not at what you're reading
because you say who man is that yes
yes that's totally what are you going to tell me
about eating the biggest youtuber supporter
let's see in the full click
the hosts the
332 thousand views this [ __ ] clidet has it's
noticeable that he doesn't have it
then 300 let's see the full click
of how
javier and beira are ashamed after the controversy that there was
in their videos contracts and by far I
know this youtuber he
seems very nice to me but I don't watch the
videos or get into his controversies I don't even know
who he is doc and the truth is I don't know who he
is so don't ask me about that
because I have no [ __ ] idea it's not that he does
n't want to talk it's that I have no [ __ ]
idea for years I've tried to stay
away from  controversies I try to upload
my content and that's it I'm very happy it's
the truth but the itself because I don't
seem to know the truth
this is ashamed of being taken
with me
this is the leader of 2017 yes
but this to do is ashamed to do it
you know that there will be a play you
know that this time did not exist in the
supermarkets and those things on screen like
now do not do it you know perfectly well
that I could welcomed the question of the chat and that I
could have perfectly run
and no birds the law or for example it is not going to do it you just
realized that the one you just
manipulated even said that he liked me yes yes yes
but you just realized the signs
that you just manipulated us
and for many I know this youtube
Javier for real
but I do not watch the videos or enter into his
controversies and the truth is that he had more
dignity than the ascendant or totally you
want so do not ask me about that I
have no [ __ ] idea I
try to stay away from controversies
attempts in fact that I think now
the best has mentioned me a ball in his
live without coming to the point not
in fact because  when this was imposed on him
on twitter
now look for those books but when you
do it he imposed that
on twitter people started sending him
click of aurum
mentioning him in his live streams of
recent times because this was put by
the selection on twitter I think it was
last year or something like that if in the classroom we
were playing the impersonal classroom and
Meira look how
video games have to be seen not how you are seen you are left
with a lot of bs I do
n't understand why it is why it is that
if someone is ashamed to
get together with someone or mention
someone
if you and the uncle south are mentioned a lot
without problems today yes yes yes but
nowadays it is no longer whatever it is very
ridiculous what there is the salsero I don't know what
is literally if you are ashamed do not
get and come to an interview or do
a live stream with me literally no
and it is mentioned without forcing the role not
like the churra [ __ ] today they left the
south you call yourself manipulators the first
of manipula or I mean literally I do not
understand the point is to say that he
uses me
the power that  I will have so that they have to
use me so that I defend them
as if me defending someone
means that what is already blessed by
God no
or with a click of Auren from 2017 in which
now Javi Oliveira says Javi Oliveira
to say that I am that he is crazy that
this cake you stuttering because
my name does not sound familiar to him if that is how you want to be the one that
my name does not sound familiar he does not say
after that
oh yes I know this guy I like him I do
not follow his controversies but if they continue going
down in down with my vocation I
always go down,
what for [ __ ] not
big and literally you grew
first by being friends with me I will do and then
by being friends with Dallas so you are
counting there are friends that it gives me that
the thief believes that all are of his
conditions in short
literally the in the asked
collaborations to Tokic and if I am not going to
take and I am going to put here people who are not
involved but if he wants each one of
the mentions to me personally more
ate the eggs  bigger
under the eggs the biggest to
Dallas eats them eggs the
biggest also that I grew up being a
friend of mine you're a man a little pull
medium
but precisely precisely
more than being a friend of my area because
the collaborations that I did with her are
not that it was viral and if more is worth but it
is the first little push she helped me a
lot in her day she helped me a lot
because the truth is that we have is what
helped me
maybe the first shot where the three
thousand to the five thousand and eight thousand
subscribers if she gave it to me with a
couple of videos we wanted
but the strong pulls strong strong
from my main channel mine or rather the
main one of Javi Oliveira of them the well
-known was the video of more than for being
friends of Mieres for being a hater of Dallas
because I was the one who gave the most stick to
the era of LAN actions and filter
has many things that I told him I
regretted regretted over time
because they were stupid no but it was the
video that I made talking about Win Michu
about the video that he did to Win Mixed to
Dallas in the  saw that video was
mine the most viewed of all the
salt channels or criticism mine was the most
viewed with a million and a bit
my series with doc and
that was the support that put me
[Music] that
put me from 20 thousand it does
n't go to good days until 50 or 60
thousand the videos are amazing
my series against 2 that's
when the companies started calling me
and I didn't have to look and it was me
fighting with doc and he defended
dallas and I criticized him I think
my boom was more misery and with donkey
than other things
then another big boom was gay not seeing
jairo block that's where I got with cc from
the 60s to the 80s and such
and the debate that I did with dallas a little
but not much okay
but that I later that I later
wants to say for being a friend of dallas has
said I for being a friend of that you are
telling me laterally you grew
first for being a friend of my area and then
for being a friend of dallas
for being a friend of nothing  I do
n't know if anything for being a friend of Dallas was
literally not me anymore,
I grew for the things that I've told you and
then you can and I, depending on
the controversies,
the time of wine will see when I opened my
eyes, to trust in something and it was not my area,
man, I put a lot of people there who did
follow me but no, no, not many
organically like with the
normal and current controversy, the normal growth
of the channel did not grow much, that's why I would
like to be able to answer you, Elsa, what to
tell you, man, and you who exists by
fact, by fact, but I can't give you an
exact answer because you, what exists, never with
anything, literally, you have never grown,
but I went to your life, of all the
big pulls were those, literally, it was
that. I followed you through core technology.
Yes, each one of you has followed me for one
thing but without strong, strong, strong,
maximum, of putting myself at the
forefront,
the first bird, the birth, let's say it
was the collaboration with a couple of
interviews and collaborations at the
beginning, among them the videos, change,
it's there, put yourself that I moved among the
five thousand subscribers, eight thousand
subscribers, I don't know what, but then
they were controversial, the big one  fat was that I
took advantage of the whip
michu adalah video from the Dallas series there's one
and seven three or four videos got me
almost a million views well the
first one a million and a half views
then there was a video I also said the
debate with Dallas before the debate with
Dallas then the controversy that made me the most which is what I
have to say was the one with
Doc and
the crossing of videos when yes that was the one that got me the
most but then there was one that made me
grow a lot which was a video that
got me almost two million views that
video asked me for all of which then
flush in the agreement I don't know why because I
don't remember that video being there it shouldn't have been there
but I don't remember that there
was super strong gasoline in that video
and it
was the video I made of the
Dallas vs Porta fight
javi strange answer there's nothing
wrong with accepting that it exists quite a lot for being
friends with Dallas and he just gave
credit to my mother I don't understand you for
being friends with Dallas no no no no
no it's that literally for being a
friend of age man of course
many many direct  that we've
done together and videos of time talking
a lot about it but jerks strong strong
strong no no it's not for being a friend of Dallas
as such maybe the videos that I made
opening my eyes and already talking with
logical things you
understand me yes but not for being a friend of
but for the things that they put and
for the things that I took out that I knew you
understand me
a little bit of everything but the fat fat fat
you think he says that he exists known
first for this and then for the other it
's not that literally the biggest and
literally you think you gave first for
being a friend of my area and then for being a
friend of Dallas
literally once you already have the 50
thousand 80 thousand subscribers yes you are already
known and then you grow based
on what happened to take advantage of the wave
I understand but
[Music]
if I hadn't gotten together with one with the
other I would have grown the same
counting there are friends that give me that
the thief believes that everyone is of his
condition it's that you have wanted to be of
the condition that you have wanted to be of
the condition and that it has not turned out
definitive and javi I want to confess to you  that
miles and I are very good friends we have been
talking since 1954 the thing is that we have
n't made it public so there is
no uproar no matter where you have finally
discovered it and I can't cover it up
anymore and if it is indeed all because of the
hate, make it clear congratulations crack
mastodon fiera you hit the nail on the head the
kid is really me no
yes literally he continues
I knew about the porthole he came as a joke let's
see that's what I'm telling you or rather to
add a lot of followers I visit
but honestly
being objective and we are proud of
it okay but surely ghanem
messing with the one who being friends with him
surely then
many of his followers will also arrive as a result of no no it
is not as such for getting together with him or for
taking me with whom there will be that I will have
gained a lot yes there will be many
followers for having put us together to put on
the live shows that are with him and all that
stuff of course I do not deny it
I am not denying that family but more
than for getting together with him I think it is
because of the things that I exposed because I
came from the other group  and I knew this knowing the
other and opening my eyes okay then
also open wins a lot for getting on with
him not be literally me the times that I have
defended him on issues it has been because he
really was right
point I
know of nothing to me I will do I
totally ignore if he knows of my existence or not
see then why are they denying it I am
not saying that you are a friend of my
area that I would want to do it because surely the
shell in sure sure the do the
sure
sure but not mine is that I already tell you
Felipe 360 ​​comes to you and follows you and you
return the follow
because you are wanting but it does not come out
totally god
I will do it I met you thanks to the author also of
course everything absolutely everything
that I have done on the internet if we put
video by video with all the videos of
the followers with almost all for
some I have lost and won but all
some more and some less but I do not
hide or the Greeks or anything
all the videos made to grow
absolutely all the videos made
so that I am on the internet to work
on the internet to win but that does not
mean that I crawl as I accepted to
do it and that it does not have a beginning like
xestur do what you don't care
what he had and you hit him by giving him
tomorrow to suck his [ __ ] literally
someone
where I met by the mention of vegeta
places us before the longing that I had
of
habitable needle and up to here it was paulo now they
can [ __ ] him he just sent me
joke in fact I
think that this is the sign of a way to
throw you hate of course is that what I
understand now what I understand is
why he doesn't make a debate or rather this is
the argument with which you intend to
defend yourself by doing it
or rather that you the turns that he gave to the
video
that burned him to say that to interact
eat because you are surely he will know
who it is and why he crawls
any youtube that also
recognize the video that
he supports because it is true but that late
or that well guys I'm sorry it's what we
think today the rest of the
normal and ordinary world that has an eye
is evidently obstructs in the twitter
of the shell in telling him about hilda I will
do
and that wise limeira is going to take out this
tweet are at the level of the messages to
dallas  from the
dallas stick that I am the one to do it is not said
who I am but that I have made a video
defending you haha
that is how those suck dick I never
send a message to neither one or the other
saying I made a video
defending you look at what I am going to the town I am
36 years old
that I joined my area five
years ago and I asked for interviews because of the
interest and of course of course I asked for
interviews because of the interest if it seems to you I
ask for interviews people that do not interest me
I want to debate with Paula because
surely Paulet would have more balls
than this one
if this one what you have balls none have
dude
but it does not matter I sweated the ball this
is my first tweet I was throwing the [ __ ]
[ __ ] what does it matter if he knows me or not the
sick thing about the case is that Javi has to
grab on to any [ __ ] [ __ ] he
finds now take advantage and
discredit my words me who am a
random from the internet
I have to take advantage of any measure
to discredit your word
if you literally
just took an aurum play video
of 800 click  what about self-employment and
mentioning me in your live streams to
say that you stutter because you're
embarrassed and don't want to admit that you're
talking to me
director and I is that it's very stupid that you
discredit yourself alone I don't have to
follow you work who very soon I
think is very stupid
in that you are right you are a random well yes okay
but well the frozen laughter
no
if I am irrelevant stop mentioning me you
hear what you're talking about set to zero if I
talk to you I will become an uncle but if you don't
have because if you grew it is thanks
to the interview you did in Iraq and
friend it will be the report
that I want and thanks to the interview
that I did that I
grew I mean my entire
internet existence is now based solely on the
interview that I did [ __ ] you up
the interview Antonio
David Flores [ __ ] you up the
interview Aurum Play [ __ ] you up
all the debates that I have been doing
for seven years
don't miss much that the click that is going to
put in order to what we were
talking about
many people behind that we know
how you are that we support you
and that we really have men
I really think that  true
truly
the music gave
the music
the company everything accompanies the video
listen to me sincerely
literally places you are not going to see here
but literally places just
sent me you can see in the video places
just sent me a comment
saying that in order to get into the cool group
so that their guardian in the bosses of the
cool group accept me I have to
pay the favor aura and the price of
defending sara
literally laser rafa has
taken an argument again man man laser I want you to
come to a debate please so
that I can see the answers that come out of
your head
I want you to see the answers that
come out of you the things that are sweet for
yourself but that will never happen
because you will never sincerely see the
video the interview I will have a good year
if it were action of two I give it kringe for myself
not for her it is and I do not say it because so
that she does not denounce me more I say it
sincerely not for her not for
her the one that the clinic and her me
that I am doing a bit of the ball
ballet the music that I put on and the attitude
that I did not have ease with anyone
camera okay but honestly I
value this video in the sense that
she
didn't owe me anything and she gave me the
collaboration the interview yes it's
true that I think and honestly I
think it was water for that reason yes yes but
very little very little loose with the camera
it seems that I have a stick stuck up my
ass and I can't speak okay yes I
think that so much she and the mother
gave me in contact and confidence and
such because I was one of those who
attacked Dallas the most but I didn't attack
Dallas so that she would pay attention to me or
rather something that she would start
following me and pay attention to me because I attacked
Dallas that his place I think and I will
always think about it and I think that she gave me the interview
for that among other things okay
but equally well if I only
thank chavala for giving me the
interview and giving me the opportunity
because thanks to this anyone who didn't
start to accepted me others youtube the
interview and such or rather I literally won't
deny it I was skinny avilés if here I
still don't have the disease
realize that you are 2016 maybe of
course that would be  2016
2015-2016 or cold tube this does well
67 years of
course in
2016 well we're talking about 6 years
we're talking six years but the
truth is that these are my beginnings on youtube
everyone when they start doesn't know how to
edit or take the music feel the
music that I have put in the background
god
in this video I was already about 30 29 clear
and looked like I was 20
life is like
this this does give a real
klinz not two tweets that we have put
Jamie
totally but of course from the clinic but
totally but I said it while
you say it what happens is that I
recognize that it clicks
obviously but churra for me don't
put a video from six years ago
your tweet is gray they are from today and yesterday
let's see are you trying to tell me
that I have also done things that were
kringe it's literally me
literally every time I
come across a video of
plazaleta's skills I delete that
interview I don't have it I delete it because it
seems like a part of my career I don't
watch it I'm ashamed to see it not because of her it's
no  for her because on the contrary she already
gave it to me and the whole thing for me she knows
but no, no, no, I don't delete it because
part of my career and that's it, she understands me
but what do I do, like if I'm right,
done something on the internet that the anchor and
painted the thing,
what do I do?
Look at Twitter before accusing
others of things and look at yourself a little, you
're literally telling me that I
can't say that her life is shameful
because there's an interview that I did
with the girl 6 years ago that also causes
crises
with the video she directs and because I have them
deleted, I mean, if you go into the
first videos, it's because others have been deleted
but there are worse ones,
you at least the date or mix or
to see,
my son, it
would be deceiving the audience, deceive
yourself, I don't know, kind,
this video,
no, no, no, it's not that it's deleted here, half of my
life is
not here, there's nothing at all, it's that
here the deleted video there was one
here playing Mario, this one with the clamp, [ __ ] [ __ ], my
mother
[ __ ] having
done this disgusting bourgeois, it's that
I don't like watching old videos,
see from 2016, freak out  I don't like
this because it ended up being deleted, you know
[Applause] It
's a moment,
what's up, my good people
[Applause]
Ah,
we got to the point of drinking
[Applause]
If I hadn't voted, I'd [ __ ]
on the [ __ ] warehouse at 20,
plus I have, go on and this, like a
mom, let's go, my unemployment benefits run out and here
we go with the mosquitoes
[Applause]
Metheny or give you mom's
crochet tie, you know, I bet you don't have a [ __ ]
penny
in your wallet, now I'm not thinking, kid, that's not
going to happen again, okay, we're
going to the envelope, starting
tomorrow, the beer at noon, enough to
subsidize, okay, lillo,
but only the one who will raise a field, yes
[Applause]
Moscow, the [ __ ],
face, I'm
going to turn Seville into a fist
of the airport, this mule with metals,
ostick,
disgusting, what a lot of arch
we composed with
to see the trajectory, look, the
LED laser says that I became known for
this interview,
okay, and
look at you, I don't know how many hundreds of
videos later
hundreds but hundreds of videos
then there's the special eight thousand
hosts and this is also clean g
but a follower made this for me and
data he directs data the total cricket
but I made it for me the grateful one for
uploading he made the song
what's up my kids well probably
more than three thinking but javi
what the [ __ ] is he doing uploading a
commented video with a gameplay in the background
when you never upload a live
come on let's go without further delay here you
have the subnormal theme
sometimes knowing her and recognizing the voice of
the little mermaid when there's a prize look
I [ __ ] on her turns
[Music]
the voice of the temple and it's Arabic known
for the appointment if the divine I say it
if the divine of the group of course
no it's nothing how will the das be that
year
if six years ago
[Music] it
's the voice it was called the one from the cndh they
forced to live medel what was the name of the one
from dallas forced me to fall in love
with him
focusing information
[Music]
this my soul
the new thing is that it yearns it
can be from a bad youtube as well as  an
artist
I bring willingly
[Music]
my mother
[Music] you will
say that
highlight
[Music]
elements criticizing that has a lot
very calm
well
look for life
a lot of cloth and it comes to me and live the
[ __ ] of the laser lake with the
interview with the aladi area
[Music]
look really
beautiful
Huawei a few days ago and interviewing the
swimming poured
[Laughter]
a lot of cloth
many of the
many of life but very satellite
but sailor cloth
but listen it has been doing everything to me
ping ping ping ping when I
started to grow I tell you it was here with
the salsero
[Music]
here
here in the middle was the video that I had to
delete that got a million and a half
visits and it was from here on it
started to grow look tovalín
[Music]
damn the big brother
things from big brother and that have also
given me a lot of pull
and that's what I'm telling you look here
softly then here already having the
secondary I made a video of  coconut that
blew up on me on the secondary channel of could
half a million views and then there's the
series with doping the series with dog and what
is this elche elche
and I said it was more
some work by those from dallas and
others you know
but from here on things started going well for me
and I was talking about all the youtube look
here I continued the series when the one who doesn't see
made a couple of videos more than two and
then we had nautical the controversy with
this one with this fat one
but as I tell you from here on things went more
or less well the whole time you will need an
account it's not content the whole room is there nor will
I do anything like that
to see the content of the salad it
was when there was the controversy of web michu you
know but I always talk about everyone
look at youtuber they must cry for those
of the monetization the yellow icon
look here 60 thousand views being read a
video to carisma pnv in the tube to be is
bigger then
so literally I'm
telling you I was doing well almost everything
what do you think about the level of
illness that there is in that fan don but
damn it's murky  it's hard hard that nothing
more as I always say about the air line
compulsively subscribe if you're not on
the bell so that youtube
notifies you of my videos follow me on my
other social networks both on twitter
and on and they have the description of al
fatá de la campanilla carimán it was in
terms of youtube to notify you of my
videos follow me on my other
social networks once al finlay per commented on
a video to me
this is the life they have he will install on this
guy
once alfa sniper
commented on a video to me well
nothing laser I'm glad I'm glad
laser that you made a video let's see let's
see the comments from the
followers that would also be good
now to get to 2 hours of video
javi being javi in ​​his little world
everything he says is true don't be
surprised it's very sad
the crossover of the century I'll do laser they have
crossed tweets he will open takes out videos
taking out of context taking out of context
all the information which one that lives 27
yes 24/7 glued
how curious to fall they always send him the
capture for nothing  is that I live pending
on what all my enemies say or
rather the enemies of my master and lord the
drama of my master and lord he gives the drama
as if I today when you speak
but look you see and more
if they didn't send me things
today I couldn't run
all the channels as I do
lives in fact in
fact
in the more salsa group a good part in
the kids group apart from the fact that
we have the plus salsa to share
everything that is happening to us
during the day for the kids there is a
group and there you and all the
youtubers go through all the things that are
happening and I see the most
relevant for video no and apart from that
the plus salsa well I have me scolding
Dénia Paulo
for having taken
and having sent screenshots of the group
to the southern group okay
before that then I
take it out later I don't care what you're not
going to be a screenshot of my group and take it out
before other channels in mine okay and
then
of course they send it to me come on look
but because I want to find exactly
the doc h
Thursday no more after no
when those three who have passed of
[ __ ]
was the same night that they helped me with
the video of the chocas which is the one that uploaded
and the main one I have given him the scolding
today is the day
thanks campo sal
and paulo for a shitty excuse I have not given him
the scolding
and here they send me the doc it
is that I do not want to show it all because
private things are seen there they send me
the 2 you see I press 2
and the dojo opens the captures which is
clear they do not send it to many subject they
have to notify me how am I going to be aware I do
not have there is anything else here they
are aware of the youtubers they are
giving me the ideas when the subject
interests me well if it is a banal subject for
channel second total and always the
main one for the best I give it more
turns no
world already because I spoke with someone on
twitter they are already friends how easy it is to make
friends in this age of
laser technology the other day I left my house and saw
a kid on a scooter how he looked like
mine so I went down to my  basement and I was
calmer because the boy
was still in the basement let's
remember how javi started on youtube he did
n't start going after me ario wind
michu to interview him but he
saw that it was well seen to attack the man he
attacked him so that Mrs. Antonia and
her daughter would pay attention to him no no no I
attacked him because I fell with my ass
okay
adding more the muscular mob but
because I also saw it and I wanted
people's things and I fell my ass
something that I really believed that thing that he
said and they followed me because they
wanted to because they saw someone
who criticized well no
javi should shut up since in the
past he did the same thing of course I should
shut up about something that someone does today
in the afternoon because I 7 years ago and it is
something that you interpret as the same
ah yes yes yes yes yes javi oliver gas the
inquisitor of dallas the only thing that
motivated him to make a video on dylan was
what he said about dallas in a past
that goes from the laws in video because they
have behaved like a hypocrite that
now  the salsa singer repudiates the reality
of what has given him what he has
today,
the one who has the theory that they always
join in groups because they have in common that
the 10 nor although literally the
people I'm talking about
have in common that they relate to
people for better or for worse depending on if they
get along with the whole area but that's how it is
literally okay
soon the little steps start to
criticize the laser calling it repetitive
for using the same game in the background in its
videos
also javi believing himself to be someone for
interviewing the euro while the
euro himself in the interview it is clear
that he is doing it out of commitment, I mean
imagine the commitment that
aurum play will have with me come on imagine
the commitment that the [ __ ]
aurum can have with me now you can eat his
balls aurum play and defend him even in
front of the police if he wants
now a play is not going to give you a [ __ ]
interview
if here commitment
literally what commitment to a job a
commitment let's
see
[Music]
would allow that the already compressed had to be
done by a boy  that feels
good, talk because it's a little weird, I would
n't do it,
really excited to chat, you know, I
promised a long time ago and it
took a while, but I'm a word person,
interview, I
think I don't think you showed me one
that you had done with whoever it was, goodbye, and
I said, I think we
were talking about something about drugs,
here he told me that he was talking and
he told me,
but really the commitment starts
talking about the Nadal debates, it's
anything that I promise you that it
makes me excited to have to forgive because it
's no secret that many
youtubers of criticism and that they make the
content, so for me it has been an
honor to have around here,
very calm and nothing, I'm going here,
well, with a good taste in my mouth,
friend, well, I'm glad, then it happens, it
seems with a lot of commitment, it was
offered to him now, yes, let's see, I always,
always know that for interviews or
talks, what always
and look at one thing that I take from this year,
the truth is, to
2021, an achievement for me, an achievement, man,
despite the fact that I am a kid that I know,
understand, a colleague from the internet from
many years ago because  I know from before
being famous
I always wanted to not finish my
main channel without having a chat
with him or a little with him or something like that but
not because of the numbers because in the end he
couldn't either. I think my channel
is very punished man and a chat with
aura a play that has two or three
million views how I'm at
height you know
but I think my card but it's not
because of the numbers or anything it's because I'm
excited to have a video with the
point okay but I'm telling you that if
someone doesn't want to do something they don't do it
and that's it and they have no commitment to anyone
or what is going to happen is that I'm going to
turn against him that I'm going to mess
with him or live together or
the fear that it can give him or that
anyone but no but not xavi abidal
anyone messes with him or out
of commitment it is that it is noticeable with the
looks that the times and almost all
the criticism channels have been banks
from now on as inspiration little much a
lot he understands me and it is a
talk it was a very cool talk for me
the best talk that he has done on the
internet of all that he has done not
because it is wrong  that I say but it's that
for me the lama way prepared it
with much love in your voice his touch is
to the ceo he had his touch of getting wet in
little things he knows but to many without
going over
but that they were like a commitment, let's
go I tell you that no commitment
whatsoever and if we move any and if it's cool he did it
because he wanted to and I'm super
grateful anyway he
is no longer the mascot of dallas but the
mascot of the youtubers in front of
spain this is a comment it's
not that I warned an
artificial intelligence the bread I visit that is very
different
and here calling me argos the
usual ones in the comments
links it's only what is what is
subscribed to his channel
and I rescued without wanting to be yuqing if I
didn't
believe that he was going to tell me that
life goes on give permission until the juke
but look at the original I don't believe
that they haven't seen this original it's that the
original guy's thing about the
original trio literally
the beginning doesn't matter enrique quotes the in does not
take away or subtract or add or
change anything so that the being is an [ __ ]  It doesn't
take away or subtract or add to the fact that
the person is an idiot,
no way
/ original doesn't take away
anything from the meaning, but oh well, they were
family, let's see, I laugh a lot more, I need
for that video, but what I want to do is
debate it because I
really want to see what you're capable of
arguing, and that this has that in common,
like a kind of social experiment,
for me,
laser/led would be capable of answering and drawing conclusions on its
own,
so the thing about the
comments, but oh well, it's never going to be a
debate.
[Music]